this whole arena venue of the teams from Erlangen Höchstadt and these
operate a pretty rare sport
in Reinsfeld hope
Founded in 2001 to an association
from the leisure activities clock initially played moderately in the north
have and
Amon hard core decided and we also want to play in the league
our more and more with twelve people started the first year had seven
Founding members you first only twelve players
we are now
the regular so 20 to 30 with again
However, not all of them can be played in Lainz at the same time
Here, unlike ice hockey, only five players play a goalkeeper
two defenders
Play Equipment is Reinhard Gummiball's playing time three times 20 minutes
Equipment explains and give Bernd
So n1 money is of course the a and o below with full protective gear
Mayor could also shin guards
Groin Propose
Breastplate is not a duty except feel
everything evidenced elbow Schuler
and helmet and gloves and then of course follow
in addition to the number of players and the game against the TuS more minor rule
Deviations, for example, exist in inline skating hockey except the
known time penalties on a yellow and red card
a yellow card gives the player a ten-minute chance
Misconduct
the red card draws a lock of several weeks
playing ball around 40 clubs under the roof of the Bavarian Wolfsburg and
in his bandage
the summer sports he is a popular sport so also in the teams
had
Dominguez "Sometimes ice hockey professionals turn up
Let's compensate, but he is now playing paid players
Ellison stark exception we are once again like 2% are student students
Postman Schreiner I am at Siemens everything was very colorful mix
For four weeks, the season of the teams is quite in the league
so far not quite as successful after four games is still
no point on the account of the Erlanger
however, the mandatory tasks against the direct competitors are short
before
For more information about the Lions Gate, check out our website here
Homepage emblazoned - TV Ltd